well it's day six of worlds group stages
with coverage presented by you GG I'm
joined right now by would heed or WA did
he says he's okay with both I'm gonna go
with would need to talk a little bit
about g2s escape from groups so you guys
got out a lot of people are kind of
nervous for you guys going into today
did you know that you always had it I
just personally think today was like
kind of worst day compared to other days
even though we didn't have like
successful day a successful game against
follow follow like first day I felt like
first week was like way better than this
and that's why I'm not like that
satisfying about this resort because we
could actually make out group with first
place so I would say I'm not that like
satisfying but still I'm really happy
and good with my team because we still
make out of growth right so yeah I'm
very curious for you watching vitality
yesterday was it at all inspiring or did
it help give you guys encouragement for
today because there was so much like EU
hype as they want ran through yeah for
sure because I thought rng was
unbeatable because a lot of teams has
weakness right we can see it like that's
why like you can prepare a lot of band
picks against them or like strategy but
I thought RNG against RNG I couldn't
find the weakness you know so that's why
I thought there is no way but they made
it you know so it it was like really
surprising and then at the same time I
could have really huge hope towards
winning words you know so I feel like
yeah we just realized that everything is
possible do you do you have hope for
winning around so it's G to this year
I'm even before I thought we could if we
can win word like because I I'm always
like I think to positive ways and then I
believe myself and I'm believing my team
so I really think we came in worse but
especially yes sir after yesterday I
feel way more comfortable they and then
like confident yeah I'm sure you're
getting this question a ton but what's
it like for you playing on stage in
front of a hometown didn't felt that
different
between ulc stage or like something else
because just playing on stage and get
the headset and everything is same you
know but still it was really good to
have way more quality screams and then I
didn't realize that I could have more
cheering from my hometown fans you know
because I didn't do anything in Korea I
didn't play in Helsinki and I was not
named player or something but still I
could hear way more like louder cheering
towards me when they introduced the
players right and I got really surprised
and finally I realized that I mean
hometown I mean Korea I know you said
your parents are waiting for you so it's
cool it's cool their hair and we'll get
you out in a second but just a couple
more questions did you your parents were
here obviously did you have any friends
or anybody else I showed up my family
most of my friends are in army now
because my age is 21 right normally you
go army at like 19 or 20 and they're
like and the middle of the the time in
the army you know so but they can see
watch wars you know so like every time I
get message from them I mean army but I
can watch your games and like you're so
good how can you do that like how can
you be in worse you know like you were
like just playing league for fun but
what of you know like it was just good
to hear that my friends can just watch
me
and then cheer for me even though they
are in army and then I could give you
give them some energy you know because
it's kind of painful being stuck in the
army so I feel really great about it and
still but it's still like a bit sad that
they cannot watch me in your life okay
two more yonkos told me that you drove
the whole team around and you basically
showed them around and you brought them
to like secret places and all this stuff
what what was that day like and was it
cool to kind of bring the guys all right
because I'm sure it's like two different
parts of your life right like there's a
part all the way over there in Germany
then you've got him here what's that
experience been like bringing the team
here it's more like I kiss be Korean and
then I can do everything in here I have
car I have my own car and then I can
speak my own language and I have money
and like I can do everything I can
the translator for them I can be like
cursor guys work for them and then I can
just lead them and then we can share
some memories you know I bring them to
the beach and then we actually eat
something and the chill there and then
it was pretty good experience to be
there with my teammates you know because
they are European but they're here for
Wars in Korea in my hometown so it was
it it feels like really weird but just
more I felt like we are friends alright
last question my producer and I brought
in our gonna go we have two days off
between groups and quarters what should
we do here in Busan yeah I remember when
we actually made out of planes
everyone said g2 cannot do anything in
Group A because they have Africa flash
shows but whatever I don't care like we
can do it for sure I believe myself I
believe my team will show that we can do
it my question was what are my producer
what should my producer and I do with
our two free days in and busan between
groups and quarters I think your answer
was a great one for us yes sorry I think
you guys should go out with soju and
then like some seafoods right and you
shouldn't be stuck in the in the store
food store you should bring them and go
to the beach and there is some good
places and they just sit down there and
they just bring some fireworks as well
just enjoy the moment enjoy the sound
wave sounds and then you can just chill
with a lot of Koreans they're open so
like it's really good like it's really
good to enjoy there and then there is
landmark kinda diamond diamond bridge
called so you should go there okay
anything to save the fans I already said
but for sure I can show that we can do
it everyone said that jeetu cannot made
other groups when we actually made out
planes whatever we are out of gristle
and we go to worse finals thank you
thank you we did so much I won't keep
you any longer
thank you for the interview for everyone
else you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things rolls right here
on my youtube channel
you ever find yourself in a shroud of
fog you have no idea what the enemy's
strategy is or how to deal with them
they're just hidden behind a flag of of
I don't know misinformation and you need
to figure out how to deal with them well
you need a tool you need something
that's gonna help you come up with a
strategy you Gigi is that strategy
they're our sponsor you just type in the
name of the champion that the other
person picked in champ select you figure
out how to counter them you play that
champion you figure out how to build it
it's amazing
they'll make sure you never lose
champion select again just go ahead and
click that link in the description and
you'll be sure to never lose again